Hey guys.
So welcome back so in this video what we want to do is make her app a little bit more practical by tapping
into this static root folder that we have and the way this works is that the Kestral web server for
every request that's made it configure.
So any middleware and everything is all going to the request and response and all that stuff is all
going to be processed or here.
And the thing is though is that if if if if the web server counters a request to some sort of content
that matches the root folder then it's going to serve that up first.
And if it doesn't find any sort of match then it's going to go ahead and pass that request onto our
actual server server side code for further handling via dotnet core.
So obviously there's more processing power and processing overhead and things like that.
Forgotten that core is specifically as it is on that core.
The code to process the requests.
So if the server doesn't need to pass that on you know for something like CSSA file or an image file
or something like that then it's not going to do that.
So it makes the server much more efficient.
Another thing too is static content can actually be delivered in a much more efficient manner as well.
Especially with HDTV too.
And some of the other advances that have been made over the past few years.
So in order to see how this works is what we want to do is get rid of this outdoor run because its always
just returning the same response to Hello World.
And what I want to do is say app use something called static file so if we ever wanted to set up things
like cores headers if you guys are familiar with that then you would end up doing all that here and
you can actually set up custom functionality for all that stuff.
And in case you guys know of course header's allows one server to get a request from another server
which is typically prevented by default for security purposes anyway so let's go move to another we're
using the static files.
Basically the server is going to look inside of here for any sort of matches.
So it's getting a new item and inside of here we're going to create just a standard HCM L5.
So that's see where is it.
It is HLM page and we're going to call this index that each team sends out of here going Gordon change
the message and we'll say hello from your mom.
OK.
All right so now that we have that if we go out and run the application because we've enabled the static
content the web server is now going to look inside of that static folder for any sort of request that
matches.
Index studied Chimo clearly matches the web server responds and we get our message.
Now if we want to get a little bit more robust in here as well it's going out a few more folders.
We're going to add CSX.
You know I'm naming it for now.
Just as well just to give you guys an example.
So create a new item and inside of here that's going to be a stylesheets around to say Main and CSX.
All right so here we go there's the body.
Let's take this out and since we have an H1 we're going to go out at an age one style and will say color
is red.
And then inside of our index that HMO if I went ahead and I can just drag this file right into the head
here and you can see that it's going to link right out to it.
So that's a very nifty feature I think.
And let's go and run the application now so we should see that our H-1 is now in red.
If we go to and start each team now and you can see that it is now in red so we now have styling and
things like that.
So both of those requests were actually made and handled via the static server for the building terminal
static server and none of that request was actually processed via dotnet core.
So in the next video it's going to talk about how to actually get dot net core involved in the processing.